README.md, before:

## Hi there, I'm Serg! 👋

** Good morning! How is your day going? I hope you have the best time today. May God keep you and your family safe and healthy.

Happy 2025!🎉

- Worked on a few Open Source projects to contribute to the community for Hacktober fest 2024 event.

📐 Work:
- Implementing a serverless full stack app with lambda, and other aws services
- Xcode v16 app with SwiftUI framework, updates wip
- Scheduler App - Interactive event calendar selection to allow users book their date and times either for work or volunteer hours.
- Jobs Community Project Full STack Web Application - React Server Components, Server Actions, PostgreSQL, neonDB, Prisma ORM
- Q&A secure dashboard SaaS application with next.js - Full stack Project 
- Built Azure DevOps Kubernetes Cluster - Java Microservices Ecommerce Project
- Spring Boot Kafka Back end application: JPA, RDBMS
- Spring Boot microservices project - Manufactoring company
- React Native Ai chat App > FastAPI back end (use latest RN 0.76 release)

📫 Built a Spring Boot back end application with ci/cd on a docker-jenkins pipeline, using JPA and Spring Web Security on a microservices project. Stack: React.js, SpringBoot, AWS EC2, Jenkins, Tomcat server. Thank God for this opportunity and future ones.
 
📐 2025:♂ Hackathons hands-on: signup, build apps to collaborate with open source and build up skills. Taking walks every day helps out refocus on tasks, have a better approach when brainstorming, confidence when testing potencial solutions.

- 💬 On the weekends, I like to spend time with my family, go for walks and play with our husky 🐾

### React

- [React docs](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)

### HTML

- [Semantic HTML](https://internetingishard.com/html-and-css/semantic-html/)

### CSS

- [How To Learn CSS](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/01/how-to-learn-css/)

<!--
**sdbeng/sdbeng** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with 2025 goals and project updates
Updated project description and added new goals for 2025.

README.md, after:

## Hi there, I'm Serg! 👋

** Good morning! How is your day going? I hope you have the best time today. May God keep you and your family safe and healthy.

Happy 2025!🎉

- Building an interactive  dashboard to test new nextjsv16 features and integrate with advanced tools to benefit the user community.  

- Worked on a few Open Source projects to contribute to the community for Hacktober fest 2024 event.

📐 Work:
- Implementing a serverless full stack app with lambda, and other aws services
- Xcode v16 app with SwiftUI framework, updates wip
- Scheduler App - Interactive event calendar selection to allow users book their date and times either for work or volunteer hours.
- Jobs Community Project Full STack Web Application - React Server Components, Server Actions, PostgreSQL, neonDB, Prisma ORM
- Q&A secure dashboard SaaS application with next.js - Full stack Project 
- Built Azure DevOps Kubernetes Cluster - Java Microservices Ecommerce Project
- Spring Boot Kafka Back end application: JPA, RDBMS
- Spring Boot microservices project - Manufactoring company
- React Native Ai chat App > FastAPI back end (use latest RN 0.76 release)

📫 Built a Spring Boot back end application with ci/cd on a docker-jenkins pipeline, using JPA and Spring Web Security on a microservices project. Stack: React.js, SpringBoot, AWS EC2, Jenkins, Tomcat server. Thank God for this opportunity and future ones.
 
📐 2025:♂ Hackathons hands-on: signup, build apps to collaborate with open source and build up skills. Taking walks every day helps out refocus on tasks, have a better approach when brainstorming, confidence when testing potencial solutions.

- 💬 On the weekends, I like to spend time with my family, go for walks and play with our husky 🐾

### React

- [React docs](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)

### HTML

- [Semantic HTML](https://internetingishard.com/html-and-css/semantic-html/)

### CSS

- [How To Learn CSS](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/01/how-to-learn-css/)

<!--
**sdbeng/sdbeng** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
